I'm watching a cute little pug who is staring longingly at a plate of french toast and scrambled eggs.  The poor little guy.  He looks so hungry.
I've pulled up a picture of two distraught little pugs.  They have been forced to wear pink bunny ears.  I hope no one does that to me.
I'm visualizing a pug with a cute, quizzical expression.  His head is cocked slightly to the left.  I wonder if he's thinking about lunch.
I spy two little guys who have their faces squished together in a pug sandwich.  That sure is a Harry sandwich.
I see a baby pug who is trying to smoosh a ball with his paw.  He isn't balanced very well.  I'll bet he falls down.
This pug has big eyes that are bulging way out of his face.  I'm not sure how I feel about him, but I suddenly miss Kermit the frog.
I've found a pug who's next to a balloon.  The balloon is shaped like a pug.  When he looks at the balloon, he goes, woof, woof, woof,
I've found a pug who is really chubby.  He looks like a very silly dog.
I'm looking at a pug who is wearing coke bottle glasses.  It makes his eyes look so big that I get dizzy.,
I'm looking at a pug who is wearing coke bottle glasses.  It makes his eyes look so big, that I get dizzy.
Here's a pug whose mouth is stuffed full of french fries, but he won't eat them.  He should teach that trick to those chubby pugs.
This pug is dressed up for Halloween.  He has a phone strapped to his back.  He's called the eye Pug.  That's kinda silly.
Oh eM Jee!  This pug has a butterfly on his tongue.  It's a cuteness explosion
Here's another dressed up animal.  It's either a pug dressed as a seal, or a seal dressed as a pug.  It's all the same to me.
Is that music I hear?  That pug is marching along like he's a drum major. Left, right, left, right, he's marching to the beat.
I see a little baby pug who is standing on a fancy couch.  He has a funny look on his face.  I wonder what he's going to do next?
This pug looks like he's taking a selfie.  Oh no.  His eyes are closed.  He'll have to do it all over again.
Here's a sad little pug. He has half of his face poking up over the table, looking longingly at a delicious cookie, but his little arms are too short to reach it.  Poor guy.
I've found another plump pug.  Normally I would say something disparaging, but this one is wearing a nice tie, so he's cool.
There are four baby pugs in a basket, surrounded by bunches of grapes.  I hope they don't whine.
A tiny little baby pug is trying to high five a human, but can't quite reach.  He says, \don't leave me hanging bro!\
What's with all the funny chubby pugs?  This one is in a baby swing.  He sure seems to be enjoying himself!
This pug is wearing slippers that look like pugs.  He looks kind of uncomfortable.
I see a pug who is slowly sinking behind a couch cushion.  Somebody had better throw him a rope!
Someone has photoshopped this pug so that his body looks like a potato.  You call him pugtato, I call him pugtato.,
Someone has photoshopped this pug so that his body looks like a potato.  You call him pug-tate-oh, I call him pug-taught-oh.
I found a pug who is dressed up like Yohda.  He says, licking your shoes, I am.
This pug is lying on his back with his eyes closed, and his tongue sticking way out.  He's probably the happiest pug I've ever seen.
Here's a pug who is wearing a nice shirt, and has a monocle and mustache.  He looks very fancy.
This pug is looking at himself in the mirror.  He thinks he's a lot better looking than that other pug.
I found a photograph of seven stuffed toys that look like pugs.  Oh, when I look closely, one of them is a real pug.  That's clever.
This pug is being tossed into the air. I bet he is thinking he can fly. Whee! Oh no, pugs can't fly after all.
This chunky pug is sitting in a big stew pot.  He is looking excitedly at the vegetables being added in with him.   I don't think he realizes that if he doesn't get out of that pot soon, he’ll be the main course.
Here's a pug who is staring at a game of Monopoly.  He can't decide on his next move.  Poor pug, the game just started.
This adorable little pug is about to go swimming.  Time to put her swim cap on.  Oh no, where'd she go?  That cap was a little too big.
This overweight pug is on babysitting duty.  It isn't going very well.  He's actually sitting on the baby! Poor pug. I mean, poor baby.
Here's a pug wants to be a lifeguard. She's fast and ferocious! I think right now she's imagining her tiny paws circling in the waves. But first she must conquer her fear of... water,
Here's a little pug who wants to be a lifeguard. She's fast and ferocious! I think right now she's imagining her tiny paws circling in the waves. But first she must conquer her fear of, water?
In this picture, a mom is yelling at the children for eating the thanksgiving turkey.  But the real culprit is the guilty looking pug behind her, chewing on a drumstick.
This sweet baby pug is hiding something under the couch cushions. Ooo! What is that smell?  This pug has a guilty look on its face.
This fluffy pug is incognito. He is wearing a blue Cookie Monster costume.  Hmm.  Where are all the cookies?
This is a tiny pug wearing a cute Toto costume.  Actually, I think he's wearing a Dorothy costume.  Oh, the irony.
This anxious pug is going trick or treating as, a fluffy pug. Yep, I don't think anyone will recognize him now.
This pug is being naughty. He snuck into the fridge and stole a beer. I don't think this is going to end well.
This naughty pug is hanging his head in shame. He is covered in different colors. He is like a magical pug-a-corn. He is wearing a sign that says, I eat crayons and poop rainbows! I can already tell that he is special.  Can you?
This mischievous pug is laying on the ground with a red stain on his lips.  You didn't hear this from me, but I think he got into mom's lipstick.
Here is a herd of pugs that seem to have escaped their cages.  Hmmm.  I wonder who let the dogs out.  Arf, arf, arf arf.,
I found a pug who is dressed up as the Little Mer-pug. She has a cute little tail and red wig.  Unfortunately, I think she just ate Sebastian.,
